HDDS-10458. Mention datanode status decommission command in decommission feature docs (#6322)
apache/ozone: hadoop-hdds/docs/content/feature/Decommission.md

```
You can enter multiple hosts to decommission multiple datanodes together.

> To view the status of a decommissioning datanode, you can execute the following command in cli,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the status of a decommissioning datanode, you can execute the following command:
```

```shell

> ozone admin datanode status decommission [-hV] [-id=<scmServiceId>] [--scm=<scm>] [--id=<uuid>] [--ip=<ipAddress>]

Author: It is not mandatory

> ozone admin datanode status decommission [-hV] [-id=<scmServiceId>] [--scm=<scm>] [--id=<uuid>] [--ip=<ipAddress>]

Author: Do we want to remove this option from the doc?

> ozone admin datanode status decommission [-hV] [-id=<scmServiceId>] [--scm=<scm>] [--id=<uuid>] [--ip=<ipAddress>]

Reviewer 2: Let's keep it now, since it's for non SCM HA case.

```

> You can pass the ipAddress or uuid of one datanode to view only the details related to that datanode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass the IP address or UUID of one datanode to view only the details related to that datanode.
```

Author: I have incorporated these suggestions in the recent commit. Thank you for the review!
